1.
   a. Block level elements create a new block usually in a new line, and they inherit their parents size
   b. Inline-block elements are arttrebutes of the block level elements. They help with styling and changing the way the block level element works.
   c. inline-elements are elements inside another element for example:
      <p>welcome <strong>Dovid</strong> to school</p>
      They are usually used to change the look and behavior of an element

2. Doctype is a way for us to let the browser know what version of HTML the page is written in this makes sure the webpage is converted correctly when using different web browsers

3. a. CSS Box Model is wrapped around every element, it contains margin border padding and content.
      These are used to see how much padding or margins (and the rest) that you have.
   b. The difference between padding and margin is that padding is space inside the element and margin is space around(outside)

4. Responsive web design is way for us to make Web applications look good on devices with different resolutions. The principle of responsive
    web design is to make adjustments to fit all of your designs depending on the size of the screen. You can do this by using @media in your css to adjust
    a specific element depending on the windows width you can also use percentages to help with changing elements sizes based off of the windows size.

5. cm - Centimeters
   mm - Millimeters
   Q  - Quarter-millimeters
   in - Inches
   pc - Picas
   pt - Points
   px - Pixels

6. Position - Position is about positioning an element in a specific place on the page
   Display - Display lets us decide how to element behaves in terms of layout

7. justify-content - you can define how to space content inside an elemnt
   align-items - you can align the items in the flexbox across the axis
   align-self - controls alignment of individual items
   align-content lets you set the spaces between and around items on the axis
   flex-grow - this gives the ability for a flex item to grow
   flex-wrap - forces all the elements that dont fit onto the screen size into a new row

8. class is used to define a lot of elements and give them the same css and ID is unique and only applys to one element


